I don't blame you.
Bill called me last night.
To distinguish right from wrong is difficult.
His language is not fit to be repeated.
He got out of the cab in haste.
These convenient goods will meet our customers' demands.
We couldn't convince him of his mistakes.
A Mr Williams came to see you yesterday.
We know that just being born with a good mind is not enough.
Wear this coat, or you'll catch a cold.
She gains an advantage over me in speaking Chinese.
I got tired of lying in bed all day.
I made her my secretary.
If you don't go, I will not go either.
Everyone in her class likes her.
As he grew excited, he spoke more and more rapidly.
Bite together, please.
Boards are used to make floors.
I will try as hard as I can.
The patient is in critical condition.
The weapons were concealed in the bottom of his baggage.
As a whole the climate of Japan is mild.
May I have a talk with you?
I counted up to 200.
He was declared insolvent.
The plan must be carried out by all means.
I believe in rising early.
They did away with the bad habit.
We ought to buy some new office equipment: the stuff we've got is out of date.
My temperature is 38 degrees.
The children were eager for their father's news.
Need we bring our dictionaries to class tomorrow?
It is because you work too much that you are sleepy all the time.
The paper published a profile of its new editor.
Russian is very difficult to learn.
Do you have any idea who we should single out for the position?
I'll send you your clothes and some other things next month by express delivery.
Justice is expensive.
I looked out the window.
She used a damp rag to wipe off the dust.
It is likely that he will pass the examination.
Nobody was injured.
How far is it from here to your school?
Grasp all, lose all.
Bill was killed by that man.
I guess I'm not as smart as you.
This hat cost me $10.
Where can I catch a bus?
Thanks in advance.
He plays the violin very well.
Let me in.
He has the backing of a certain politician.
Have you finished knitting that sweater?
They must have failed through lack of enthusiasm.
Ah no. It's not as though I always have everything.
Don't watch TV until you finish your work.
I hope to see you the next time you are in Tokyo.
English is not spoken here.
Galoshes are impervious to water.
None have finished the work.
He was always as good as his word.
The doctor suggested that he give up smoking.
Nothing is so pleasant as travelling alone.
Most girls are kind.
Aoi is a very good dancer.
She is often late for school on Mondays.
It was cold yesterday, but it is still colder today.
The fire broke out after the staff went home.
Excuse me, Joe, can I use your phone?
This is out of the blue, but has everybody once felt 'looked down upon by young folk'?
She was on the point of going out.
What he said boils down to this.
Mike and David are always quarreling with each other over trifles.
That requires careful consideration.
He was snoring loudly while he slept.
You must give him up for dead.
We had a rough time.
How deep is the lake?
I have no face to turn to.
The raft has drifted far off from the shore.
It is time to reflect on your past.
Armstrong was the first man to reach the moon.
The patriot sticks to his moral principles.
That he is in love with her is true.
Compared with her sister, she isn't very punctual.
I like English the best of all the subjects.
You can't get blood out of a stone.
My sister asked Father to buy a new bicycle.
All these notions I have long since abandoned.
Yes, by all means.
The property was purchased with laundered political money.
No person by that name is listed in the register of the school.
My cousin is good at doing magic tricks.
Who has been absent from school for three weeks?
Some people love hot curry, but it's not Jeff's cup of tea.
They keep numbers of sheep.
English is spoken in a lot of countries.
You're pretty calm, cool and collected for somebody who has a major presentation tomorrow.
Pour melted butter over the popcorn.
I looked around, but saw nobody.
The eggs in this case are fresher than those in the other case.
Are there special evening rates?
You'll have to get up early tomorrow morning.
I caught sight of a flock of sheep in the forest.
The policeman thrust me aside.
You can still get asparagus in the winter.
He was spotted stealing cookies.
She is a stranger to me.
These pens are his.
Show me another example.
She has been ill for a long time and she is still too weak to get about.
It hasn't rained this month yet.
Have you ever seen a bear in the mountain?
He concentrated his attention on what she said.
Take your hands off me.
You cannot prevent him from drinking.
More often than not, he is late for school.
He makes it a point to remember each one of our birthdays.
He is more gentle than kind.
It won't be your fault if your son does anything wrong: he is twenty-five now, isn't he?
"I can't stand it any more!" "Calm down. I'll come over as soon as possible."
A man came in and sat on the stool next to her.
Translate the underlined part.
My father is very particular about food.
In case of fire, telephone the fire station.
I will show you how to solve it.
It seemed that that house was small if it was compared with the cottage which he lived in even recently.
Eh? This tune ... The playlist has looped.
She has a good figure.
He finally made a name for himself as a politician.
I cannot tell when he will come, but when he comes, he will do his best.
The very thought is abhorrent to me.
She has gone abroad.
We'll visit a factory which produces television sets.
I borrowed Father's hammer to build a dog house.
I know how you feel.
Public opinion was strongly in favor of the project.
The dog is after the fox.
You have to eat regularly.
The greater part of the guests were foreigners.
We bought a camera, a clock and some dishes in that store.
Today's the coldest day we've ever had.
The boy stuffed cake into his mouth.
Her calm words banished our fears.
I like to see a gymnast do the giant swing on the high bar.
It can accommodate as many as ten people.
Have you checked the engine?
Her argument was founded on fact.
I regret telling you the truth.
You should exert yourself to get better results.
Henry said that he couldn't wait any longer.
I have been to Kyoto twice.
He married a stewardess.
When are you planning to tie the knot?
The baby doesn't walk yet.
Can you take on the job?
We must take our pet into account when we make a trip.
His health was the forfeit of heavy drinking.
If someone wants the ceremony to be held in accordance with Japanese Shinto ritual, then that is possible at this church.
The TV antenna broke away in last night's storm.
That boy hit her child on purpose.
My wife did not attend the party and neither did I.
He could do nothing but give up his plan against his will.
For better or worse, there is nothing for it but to leave the matter in his hands.
The song had a melody that went like this.
I talked my wife out of buying a new car.
My sisters were cooking when I came home.
You are free to leave any time you wish.
The policy will only accelerate inflation.
Father ran to the bus stop.
Mother is more anxious about the result of the examination than I am.
We were disappointed in him.
His age is beginning to tell on him.
No blame attaches to his conduct.
The property left him by his father enables him to live in comfort.
Be kind enough to shut the door.
I wish you had come to see me yesterday.
I am leaving for the United States tomorrow.
I'm sure it'll be easy to find a place.
You can go if you want to.
I found the book by chance.
Her mother is not as old as she looks.
The students are apt to make the same mistakes.
We lived in Paris before.
He repaired the broken window of my house.
He often gets angry at small things.
He succeeded in solving the problem.
He has several times as many books as I.
It's his job to pull the weeds in the garden.
The earth is small compared with the sun.
I think he is a very kind man.
He was an entire stranger to us.
We beat that team by 2-0.
Tomorrow is my birthday.
Describe that accident in detail.
That sight was seen, and I felt fear.
They were excited about their travel plans.
So long as you keep quiet, you can stay in this room.
The project will entail great expense upon the company.
There were five fires last night.
Where can I pick up my baggage?
But this is an issue to which we return later.
He's not going to visit you tomorrow.
Let's get off the subject.
My heart is pounding so hard it feels like it's going to explode.
We ran down the hill.
I missed you very much yesterday.
If I were you, I would paint it blue.
I spent twelve hours on the train.
She said she was nurse, which was a lie.
He tried to make the robot run.
New York City has long been unusual because of its sheer size.
He may have met her yesterday.
I have made up my mind to propose to her.
A healthy child can no more sit still than a puppy can.
There are no less than five hundred students here.
We had a slight difference of opinion.
They came at an inconvenient time.
I have been working for this newspaper for 4 years.
Sure enough, he entertained doubts.
I don't like what they call a man of character.
He is approaching manhood.
He is familiar with the entertainment world.
It is important to have intellectual curiosity.
You can swim, can't you?
What know you of patience?
I called him up and asked his schedule.
I'll try to shape my ideas into a book.
I can't make out what she said.
Trade is getting depressed.
I'm sick and tired of being sick and tired.
Potatoes were being cooked in the kitchen by the girls.
They made first ascent of Mount Everest.
He decided to go to Paris for the purpose of studying painting.
Hardly had he woke up when he remembered the embarrassing incident of the previous night.
The answers must be written in ink.
But the possibility seems unlikely.
We watched the sun setting behind the mountains.
He sang a song.
He works us too hard.
She earns a living as a writer.
The problem lies in the fact that the necessary gap is bridged by perception.
The boy attempted an escape, but failed.
"Yes, orange juice please," says Mike.
John has already come to the station.
This towel is harsh to the touch.
Tell me the exact time when the next train will arrive.
The show was wonderful. You should have seen it.
There is no knowing what will happen in the future.
The rain lasted a week.
She is concerned with health foods.
They are cousins, if I remember rightly.
The freight train was held up about half an hour because of a dense fog.
The dirty boy turned out to be a prince in disguise.
My pen is old. I want a new one.
We got on the bus there.
The principal came in after the teacher.
John likes to trade stamps with his friends.
Love grew between Taro and Hanako.
I use numbered index cards for each student.
We came in sight of the sea.
It was a terrible confusion; Sue slipped later in the water. They're all mad at you.
Don't give me that!
They could not agree how it should be done.
This fault results from my wrong decision.
At least 49 percent of students go on to university.
The agreement was a product of compromise between the two governments.
Apes rank above dogs in intelligence.
There is a map on the desk.
The committee are all against it.
The father and his son were very alike.
That person will be read out of our club.
I told him not to go to the place alone.
English is spoken in many parts of the world.
Politicians are always telling us that better times are just around the corner.
I watched the play from beginning to end.
Bob is in the drama club.
Many foreigners come to Japan for the purpose of studying Japanese.
It tasted sweet.
It will cost thirty thousand yen at the lowest estimate.
I found a pot in which there were several old coins.
I can understand you to some extent.
Which of you will go?
We ought to obey the law.
What's the cause?
You shouldn't have gone to such a dangerous place.
They made much of what they saw.
I feel not quite up to snuff when I meet my relatives.
His son trembled with fear.
Let's not watch TV.
The post office is the brown building.
If it were not for the sun, there would be no life on the earth.
Old words often take on new meanings because of inventions and technology.
Can you pick me up at the station?
He responded very quickly to my letter.
Space travel will be commonplace some time in the future.
I'll need at least three days to translate that thesis.
She telephoned him that she couldn't attend the meeting.
He shut the door behind him.
A pound is a unit of weight.
Something wrong was about to happen.
Never tell a lie.
Sharon must be a go-getter.
This is a camera made in Japan.
Not all the students are against the plan.
It was you that were wrong.
We enjoyed good music to the full.
I do not think so.
Look at the house with the red roof.
He hit me in the eye.
I'm troubled by this wart.
To tell a lie is wrong.
We abandoned the plan to go on a picnic.
Children reflect the family atmosphere.
Rev. King led protests and demonstrations all over the country during the next few years.
Unfortunately, the telephone was out of order.
He was accompanied by his wife at the dinner party.
Though he lives within a stone's throw of the school, he is often late.
We heard the door close.
It appears that he has worked out a solution to his problem.
It took me two hours to memorize this sentence.
They brought her round with brandy.
I do not know the meaning of hatred.
I traveled abroad twice in my youth.
Illness prevented me from going to his concert.
The radioactivity leaked out of the nuclear power plant.
Don't play here.
I found it very difficult to come up to him in mathematics.
I met him on my way home from school.
He finally hit upon a solution to his problem.
Public morals have been corrupted in this town.
You'd not have been in the rush hour if you had left home earlier.
It is clear that he pretended to be ill.
Most Americans do not object to my calling them by their first names.
Oh, just my luck!
This book is sold here.
Today the ozone layer is thinning.
His boat has been at sea for two hours.
For example, Pepperberg would show Alex an object, such as a green wooden peg or a red paper triangle.
Thanks to your help, I was able to finish early.
It tastes very good.
The newspaper reflects public opinion.
What are the prospects for his recovery?
I love watching soccer games.
This theme should be treated in more detail.
A problem arose after school.
He gathered men fresh from college and new to the business.
There is a gulf between our opinions.
The budget was cut to the bone.
The fight is over.
Sorry, but can you show me the way to the next village?
At last, he realized his error.
It was not until yesterday that I noticed it.
"Sue's very angry with you," my new waitress said.
We ran out of gas on the way to downtown Tokyo.
This is all the money I have now.
This is just another day.
Illness prevented me from calling on you.
This is the man for whom I have been waiting.
The bill came to over $25.
He bears a strong likeness to my son.
He went there on business.
Thank you for your kindness.
Marriage is the union of a man and woman.
I replied automatically when I heard my name.
He is proficient in both Spanish and Italian.
He was asked to give her some money.
Many Americans are interested in jazz.
He anonymously donated a large sum of money to the Red Cross.
Please give me this pen.
He told his mother that he would study the next day.
Here's $5.
Without the magnets on their heads, they could find their way home in any weather.
In my view you should try the exam again.
He solved all those problems with ease.
Take the shortest route to Paris.
He provided the boys with food, clothing and shoes.
The old place has not obtained the result at all.
I wanted to go to the concert.
He has had a clean record for the past ten years.
The room had a nice cozy feel.
We agreed to start early the next morning.
He is wearing gloves.
I struck up an acquaintance with her.
This machine produces electricity for our daily use.
The shaking began to slowly get less.
Some went on foot, and others by bicycle.
There are few, if any, mistakes in his English.
I see a house among the trees.
That hard working boy is bound to succeed.
War has taken away our happiness and replaced it with horror.
He had his parents die in the plane accident.
They waved good-bye to their parents as the train pulled out.
I don't like him because he is too proud.
The ship rolled from side to side in the storm.
They congratulated us on our victory.
If you are going to America, brush up your English.
I would like to make a few remarks before turning to a close examination of the theory.
I cannot follow your theory.
Mary took sides with me against my teacher.
A cat appeared from under the desk.
Hence, I shall have to stay here.
You never change, do you?
The story affected us deeply.
The sooner you give up, the greater the benefits.
He knows well how to use a computer.
This word is not in current use.
I'll get in touch with you as soon as possible.
He came to himself.
People who are constantly copying others do it because they can't think for themselves.
I pigged out over the weekend.
Father wants to make me a doctor.
I often go fishing with them.
You ought to ask him for advice.
I am convinced that things will change for the better.
The hunter went deep into the forest, never to return.
You must not speak with your mouth full.
You seem to be prejudiced against ideas that come from foreign countries.
The magazines were sold out.
All was quiet in the room.
He likes walking in the park.
May Day is also a festival day for the workers in the world.
I like walking at night.
He who rebukes the world is rebuked by the world.
The picture was painted by Picasso.
There wasn't a cloud in the sky.
I saw the figure of a man.
I will ask him where he went last Sunday.
We're paid by the job.
I've become impotent.
I would like to illustrate children's books for a living.
It is said that "Hamlet" is the most interesting play ever written.
At last a good idea struck me.
Mother made me a pure white dress.
It is delightful to look at a sleeping baby.
Carol refused; in other words her answer was "no."
He held out his hand and I took it.
That girl's dress made her look like a grown-up.
She seems to be having a good feed over there.
Some birds are flying high in the sky.
He regrets having neglected his studies in his school days.
I had him paint my house.
Not a day passes without traffic accidents.
My homework is nearly complete.
I have supported you throughout.
I have seldom seen such a beautiful sunset as this.
That way you keep thinking about me but are unable to admit to your feelings, that hot and cold feel is a real boom among young men!
Where in Australia did you grow up?
They admired the scenic view from the hill.
If time permits, I'll visit the museum.
One of the greatest dangers in your human relations is self-centeredness.
He is taller than any other boy.
Did you watch TV yesterday?
Our teacher frequently overlooked the names of people on the list.
If it is fine tomorrow, we will play baseball.
The enemy made a strong attack on that building.
At first, I couldn't make out what he was saying.
There is a page missing.
The swimming pool is used in common by all the children in the neighborhood.
He pursued his career at the expense of his family.
Without electricity we can't live a good life today.
The secret will emerge in due course of time.
Don't run about wildly in the room.
The girl who gave me beautiful flowers was your sister.
It was a terrible accident.
I had to choose going with him or staying here alone.
Her father is liberal with money.
The proliferation of Internet usage has given birth to a new generation of young people.
Mary won't listen to her friend's advice.
Scarcely an hour goes by that I don't I think of you with love.
I have no one to go to for advice.
He is absorbed in the study of linguistics.
I met an old woman.
They were ready to run the risk of being shot by the enemy.
You may use my pen.
I wish he were here.
It's about time we brought this party to an end, isn't it?
Once they were very useful.
Do you care for sweets?
Do you know the man standing on the bridge?
Did she mention the results of the exam?
She dwelt on the miserable days she spent there.
The portrait was taken from the wall.
And as with so many aspects of British life, there's a good historical reason for it.
Students generally like a teacher who understands their problems.
She finally mustered up the courage to ask him for more money.
I see great possibility in him.
Dogs can swim.
She left her son a lot of money.
The stray girl sobbed her name.
The newspapers opened fire on the politician.
Who wrote a letter?
No city in Europe is as populous as Tokyo.
If you oxidise an alcohol you get an aldehyde but what do you get if you oxidise an aldehyde?
In ethical terms, a great many people are opposed to gene therapy.
If it were not for books, life would be boring.
The farm production of this year is better than we expected.
John is not the man he was three years ago.
If I'd known about his illness, I would've visited him in the hospital.
My dream is to study abroad.
I had lived in Sendai for ten years before I visited Matsushima.
Writers such as novelists and poets don't seem to benefit much from the advance of science.
I played football and my sister played tennis.
I have a deep affection for her.
The governor cut the tape and opened the new bridge.
Both our food and water were running out.
He may well get angry with her.
Slow and steadily wins the race.
He is an amateur gardener, but his flowers are beautiful.
You must not play.
The teacher enjoyed talking with some of the graduates.
You're wet through.
He made a lot of money in New York and went back to the small town where he was born.
This Buddhist image cannot be dated exactly.
Who does Tony like?
The clown's stunts were highly amusing to the boys.
He gave away all his money.
The government is running its largest deficit ever.
He's gentle with our pets.
Something dreadful has happened to Miss Davidson.
It is risky for you to go into that area alone.
All were silent.
My summer school dress is blue and white checkered.
He is a self-willed fellow.
I would like to tell you something.
It is plain that you have done this before.
A nervous person will not be fit for this job.
Man is the hunter, woman is his game.
Yokohama is one of the largest cities in Japan.
I demand an explanation for this mistake.
I'm walking beside her.
It is no good arguing with you.
Because of a traffic jam, we were late for the meeting.
Which direction did he go?
He was deprived of his civil rights.
Her beauty drew him on to marry her.
I was called into the office first.
The bottle was filled with what looked like sand.
You were careless in your action.
He loves to hike in the quiet countryside.
Will you please help me carry this suitcase?
Look forward, please.
Birds were singing in the sky.
He ran and ran, but could not catch up with his dog.
He is clever indeed.
Yes, he's almost as tall as I am.
How much is this racket?
All my efforts came to nothing.
You shouldn't go to work.
A big animal ran away from the zoo.
How many people do you think have an ear for music?
Natural food will do you good.
Who doesn't think so?
The result was far from being satisfactory.
He confessed his sins to the pastor.
She is having dinner now.
We are entitled to vote at the age of 20.
My father made it a principle to keep early hours.
The Supreme Court overturned a previous decision.
I used to listen to the radio very late at night.
It is about time I was going.
Miniskirts will soon come back.
Don't despise a man just because he is poorly dressed.
There is a black sheep in every flock.
That is the girl whose father is a doctor.
You have to give up sports for a while.
The train was derailed, and panic ensued.
I speak French as well as she does.
This wind is a sign of a storm.
He is lazy in his study.
I think they should put a heavy tax on imports.
My success was, for the most part, thanks to his efforts.
She saw red at that moment.
I'd like some information about your new computers.
There are few but admire your resolution.
I bought this book yesterday.
Mitsuna is very tidy so she often cleans up without being asked.
How do you cook this fish in France?
You had far better stay here.
He provided them with food.
Maybe you'd better come with us.
The wall was made of rough stones.
You say you changed schools.
The exhibition offers profound insights into ancient civilization.
Try not to buy anything on impulse today.
Good speech is the outcome of education.
They came to John and told him.
It is necessary for you to go.
Will you stay at home?
He comes to see me nearly every day.
Mr Sato ran a supermarket in his hometown before he came to Tokyo.
They dealt with the prisoners kindly.
It won't be easy to find someone capable of taking his place.
This bus connects the two large cities.
Some medicine does us harm.
The computer can figure just as the human brain does.
Your new car looks awfully expensive to me.
He knows better than to lend you money.
The letter was wrongly addressed.
That was written by Taro Akagawa.
I can't figure out how to solve the puzzle.
He objected to my going out yesterday.
The bird was looking for worms.
I hurriedly started searching in earnest.
He asked me to help him.
This lady witnessed an accident at three o'clock this afternoon.
His work finished, he went to bed.
There is more in his character than simple honesty.
Mr White is in charge of our class.
He talks with the quiet man. Don't you think he's a little bald on top?
Suffice it to say that, after all, this won't do.
I want to express my appreciation for your help.
Persons with special skills can easily get jobs.
I think that everybody knows.
What is that thing in your right hand?
It was impossible to find an answer.
He knows French, much more English.
That day I ate lunch there.
The invention of the transistor marked a new era.
Why didn't you do so at that time?
He realized Paul had stood him up.
It's shameful to treat a child so cruelly.
I bought an English book, but the book was hard to understand.
Fred went so far as to say that he had hated me.
I ran as fast as possible to catch up with him.
I enjoyed talking with my girlfriend.
I feel disenchanted by the limited capacity of the computer.
I didn't mean that.
Your suggestion weighed heavily in this decision.
Black people in America once said, "Give us freedom".
They dropped out of their school.
What does SFX stand for?
They are too far in debt to get the small business loan.
Waking on the street, he met Jim.
You must allow for his being ill.
From the way they look, I would say that they failed.
I said nothing, and that made him angry.
The mucus is greenish yellow.
He carried on business for ten years in Tokyo.
Keep on smiling.
These dry sticks catch fire easily.
Computers can save us a lot of time and trouble.
As usual, he was the last to arrive at the theater.
"That's right", said John.
All the guests were touched by her hospitality.
It is said that his father died in a foreign country.
Should I be late, don't wait for me.
The more I studied psychology, the more interesting I found it.
I have to change the batteries in the radio.
Can you describe the situation you were in?
You don't have to go to school on Sunday.
The whiteness of the lily is a symbol of purity.
Mrs. Sugimoto always wears neat clothes.
I can hear nothing.
He is to go to Tokyo on business.
He was so tired that he laid himself on the grass.
Would you please open the door?
It may rain soon.
I can't get at the exact meaning of the sentence.
He is walking very slowly.
I'm tired, so I think I'll turn in now.
Not only were we hungry, but we were also suffering from thirst.
They are unlikely to marry.
I am very much obliged to you for your help.
While we were discussing the problem, I hit upon a good idea.
She was very well before lunch, but felt sick afterward.
My mother sent me a birthday present.
She is very fond of flowers.
Silly me! I've taken someone else's umbrella by mistake.
He is responsible for the accident.
The dog bit meat off the bone.
He was run over and killed on the spot.
Early explorers used the stars for navigation.
He is the first Japanese that traveled in space.
We must make up for the loss in some way.
There seems to be a difference in outlook between us.
I love Ann all the more because she is shy.
That everybody is told all the facts is important.
I wish to see my father.
I also digitized it and made a desktop image.
She bled me of all my money.
He got all the worse because he took the medicine.
My mother makes a cake.
No matter what you may do, you must do your best.
It is now necessary to add another rule.
The car isn't worth repairing.
His son cannot so much as write his own name.
Don't put your things in the passage.
They had lived there until they came to Tokyo.
It was a fine day, so we went swimming.
The bullet train we were on pulled out at 12 sharp.
Newspapers influence the current of time.
I have a faint recollection of the event.
Don't do such a thing in fun.
They aligned themselves with the Liberals.
The teacher talked on and on.
What sort of television programs are on today?
It's his greatest fault to be too generous.
This is an immense show.
The money was divided among the three.
It was clear what the poet wanted to say.
I can't make her out.
She tends to talk too much.
You may be surprised to receive this letter.
She is great with child.
He's always late for class.
We hope to establish a closer relationship between us.
See to it that you don't make the same mistake.
You will get a CD set on your birthday.
A computer game was given to me by my father.
Had he worked harder, he could have succeeded.
We insist that during the next three days you make decisions which are fair to all generations and which show an active concern for the environment.
This is a beautiful flower.
I will have him repair this watch.
Let's sit on the grass.
It is because you are lazy that you cannot write your report.
He hesitated for a moment.
We buy eggs by the dozen.
Leave your umbrella in the hall.
Winter is coming on.
Tell me why he was absent.
I would rather stay at home than go out for a walk.
He had the ambition to be prime minister.
The time will come when he will regret this.
Can you work out the total cost of the trip?
They sympathized with the miserable criminal.
Something is wrong with this word-processor.
She is less intelligent than you.
How long does it take to get the hang of this sewing machine?
Her hair grayed with suffering.
Be sure to fill out the registration form in person.
He is far from poor, in fact he has a lot of money.
She's been having trouble with back pain for years.
It makes no difference to me whether she lives in the city or in the country.
Don't park your books on the table.
He fixed the bookshelf to the wall.
I think he's making a big mistake by turning down the job.
Attack is the best form of defense.
He spoke with a suggestion of sarcasm in his voice.
From which gate do I board?
We're already high up in the sky.
Is she a pretty girl?
He is not up to the task.
Would it be possible to set up a meeting with us on April 5 or 6?
There was no need for verbal communication.
That bird is now in danger of dying out.
I don't feel like doing my math homework now.
Which newspaper do you work for?
Please come home as quickly as possible.
His mother said that he had been ill in bed for five weeks.
Petrol is no longer a cheap fuel.
What a darling outfit!
She finds fault with everything and everyone.
Be careful handling matches!
He succeeded in swimming across the river.
I'd like to say yes, but...
My school grades were average.
What happened to our order?
There was a suggestion of anger in his voice.
I know her well. She is my friend.
How long have you been living out of a suitcase?
Wives usually outlive husbands.
She said to herself, "I am very happy."
You scratch my back, and I'll scratch yours.
His behavior was anything but polite.
He knows better than to argue with her.
I will do the work to the best of my ability.
The tree was heard to crash to the ground.
I have some money.
I overslept because my alarm didn't go off.
About an hour's walk brought us to the lake.
His bravery to save the child from drowning is above praise.
This thread tangles easily.
I went to church this morning.
He has many enemies in the political world.
Please call me at this number.
Taking a taxi is a luxury for me.
He nodded as much as to say, I agree.
He went to a college of agriculture.
However hard I tried, I could not solve the problem.
You shouldn't make light of a cold.
All will go except you.
He's the one who made an excursion there.
My brain is full.
Plants give off oxygen as they make food.
We saw a castle ahead of us.
I feel relaxed with him.
The new hotel invited suggestions from the guests.
Never have I seen such a cute puppy as this.
The boy looked like a grown-up.
A big ship appeared on the horizon.
What is the language spoken in Brazil?
This is the central problem of postwar immigration.
What an ambiguous expression!
Did I tell you what Melissa said?
Both sons pretended to the throne.
My brother has to take an examination.
It is five minutes to nine.
Ten days passed by.
It was raining hard, and what is worse, the wind began to rise.
They are alert to the dangers of food poisoning.
Bob went through many dangers during the war.
Our teacher seldom laughs.
It's my special recipe, rabbit stew.
The Carthaginians longed for peace.
My parents objected to my going there alone.
The ice is not thick enough to hold our weight.
The brightest student expressed gratitude on behalf of his classmates.
I met her by chance.
We will go but you won't.
I must get this work finished by next Tuesday.
I can't keep this up. It's an emotional roller coaster around here and all we have to do is look at the boss's face to know whether everybody is going to be happy or sad.
Is he familiar with this part of the city?
As a man, no a human being, you're the pits!
You can count on me for five thousand yen or so when you're in difficulties.
My doctor told me to lay off the liquor so I have this uneasy impatient feeling.
What on earth did you put it on the menu for?
Is his failure ascribable to incompetence or to bad luck?
The man tried to catch hold of me by the collar.
I have to withdraw some cash from the bank.
You must live up to your principles.
News of his death wasn't published for several weeks.
This book only goes down to World War II.
This machine was manufactured in France.
I want him to play the guitar.
The cat will scratch you if you provoke it.
Tomorrow I'll go to his house to pick him up.
I was told to learn this poem by heart by the end of this week.
You have to have an operation.
The hotel is within easy access of the station.
Come what may, I shall never change my mind.
Those who keep early hours are generally healthy.
She is probably just making a mountain out of a molehill again.
The whole building has been put at our disposal.
I watch television all day long.
The Beatles gave five concerts in Tokyo in 1996.
I'll show you the way.
Your tooth must be extracted.
I am not concerned with this matter.
He has no scruples about lying.
We put off the departure till tomorrow.
It will take me no less than 10 hours to prepare for the exam.
Can you please send ten $15 flashlights immediately?
The object of his admiration shows the kind of person that he would like to be.
I couldn't make myself understood in English.
He went on reading the book as if nothing had happened.
We discussed the matter.
Do you like summer?
I didn't ask for a table here.
Acid eats into metal.
To speak frankly, I don't like your idea.
He is prejudiced against her.
I cannot calculate the final cost until I talk with our contractors.
Elizabeth II is the Queen of England.
May I speak to you?
Their ship was at the mercy of the waves.
Come to the party, will you?
He insulted her. That is why she got angry.
Type this letter for me.
He appeared as a pinch hitter in the game.
She gave up everything for her children.
To hear him talk, you might take him for a girl.
Let's hit the hay.
He carried out the plan.
I want to get a job that mixes work and play.
I am alarmed by your irresponsible attitude.
The farmer looked at Tony, "How old are you, boy?" he asked.
She went out of her study.
Keep the change, please.
I'm looking for a job.
Some companies are still debating whether to get Internet access.
The judge's decision is final.
The humor of his speech is derived from his peculiar local accent.
Unlike her sister, Hanako is indifferent to her dress.
The truth will come out one day.
My hobby is collecting foreign stamps.
I saw him jump.
Must we dress up?
Rarely do I listen to the radio.
She handed me a postcard.
We lost the game.
You should on no condition touch these instruments.
My grandmother was pulling up weeds in her backyard.
I spring out of the darkness.
The caged tiger lashed its tail.
When is the store open till?
Though I was tired, I did my best.
The teacher tried to interest the students in current events.
The Earth is a small but beautiful planet.
What he needs most is a good job.
What will the Japanese economy be like next year?
The morning service began with a hymn.
My mother is busy in the kitchen.
In his opinion, the time will come soon when people will suffer from a water shortage.
Her musical talent was indifferent.
Which do you prefer, apples or bananas?
Be kind to her, Bill.
What a pity you can't dance!
She is ashamed to speak to a foreigner.
I tried to open the door, and the doorknob came off.
Mr Brown was sick at the time.
Women, then, are only children of a larger growth.
The last train has already gone.
I appreciate your concern.
He is the last man to break his promise.
He has two sons, I believe.
I regret not having studied harder at school.
In winter, our lips get chapped.
I like both science and math.
I didn't know you cared!
He has taken much pains in this work.
Students took the lead in the campaign against pollution.
He works in the laboratory.
I enjoyed the music to my heart's content.
My husband sends his best regards to you.
Japanese houses are small.
For example, they do not have to go to a stadium to see the World Series or the Super Bowl because they can enjoy watching the games in their own living rooms.
The sun came out.
The strong yen was advantageous to our company.
It's kind of you to drive me home.
She has been asked to sit on the committee.
He stopped playing baseball last season.
I like addition but not subtraction.
You are in a safe place.
Galileo dropped two iron balls from the top of the tower.
She told him once and for all that she would not go to the movies with him.
He has read as many as 50 books in the last two weeks.
A penny saved is a penny earned.
She made a fuss about her benefits.
My camera doesn't need to be fixed.
You're making yourself appear cheap.
As a man lives, so shall he die.
She felt quite worn out after arguing with friends.
We walked as far as the park.
Half her goods were sold cheap.
I have no secrets from you.
It's just like walking on the moon.
He is a bus driver.
I would like to see you again sometime.
We interpret your silence as consent.
Her technique is superb, but she needs to play with more expression.
He has a lunch.
I cannot entertain such a request.
The door opened automatically.
I'll come right now.
All his students looked up to him as a man of character.
It is you who is in the wrong.
I had a hard time.
Please give me something hot to drink.
I'm leaving for Canada tomorrow.
How long will you be staying?
If there is a big earthquake, the alarm will sound.
Please send someone to my room.
He's coming along nicely with his studies.
She put out the light before she went to bed.
Will you help me clean the room?
The light shone like so many stars.
Her ability took her to the top.
Hurry up and set the table for dinner.
I watched the expedition as it set off.
She is unconscious of her sin.
I often lie on this bench.
Fifty of the machines are running at the present time.
It is great improvement as compared with what it was last year.
This present was given to me by Ann.
France was at war with Russia.
Wolves live in areas where game is plentiful.
He must be a good walker to walk such a long distance.
Strawberries are in season now.
Do you know what flower to buy on Mother's Day?
Practice must go hand in hand with theory.
The boy I helped is Tony.
Though it is expensive, we'll go by air.
As soon as he entered the classroom, our teacher burst into angry speech.
How do you pronounce your name?
Electric illuminations add to the attraction at night.
Whatever course you may take, you must do your best.
The earthquake shook the area.
What quantity of paper do you need?
Do you know where he lives?
Don't leave the bicycle out in the rain.
China is twenty times as large as Japan.
She is kind by nature.
He was so healthy up to the minute of his sudden death. You really never know what might happen next.
He will not abandon all hope.
Children are inclined to be disobedient.
I walked across the park.
As you already know.
The dog went for the postman.
She said that she had seen such and such there.
I saw a man coming toward me.
Some of them go without shoes in this country.
They compensated for the loss.
The fact is that I've spent all the money.
Your conduct doesn't become a gentleman.
I lost the door key, so I can't enter the house.
This hotel can accommodate 700 guests.
Speaking of Nagoya, have you ever been to Seto?
He's good at fund raising.
By whom was the window broken?
He is mad about tennis.
Doesn't he just get on your nerves?
His father eats there twice a week.
Respect of the young for the old is quite natural.
A pistol bullet went clean through his leg.
Sign your name there.
When she heard the news, she burst into tears.
Doctors do not always live long.
The first great lesson that a young man should learn is that he knows nothing.
Owing to a change of administrations, he lost his job.
Could you spare me a few minutes?
A month has passed and the work has made little progress.
I had an operation for glaucoma last year.
Yumiko has a push-up bra.
He is a very fast swimmer.
A stapler is very useful for attaching papers together.
He grew up to be a fine youth.
I caught my sweater on that nail.
He is capable of keeping a secret when he wants to.
My mother worked hard in order to rear us.
It took half an hour.
May I have your name?
The pirates sailed the seven seas.
He was able to cook himself dinner, after a fashion.
Cows are eating grass in the meadow.
To talk with a lot of people is good for health.
I marveled at seeing the Chinese people burning coal.
All the flowers in the garden died for lack of water.
They were very tired, hungry, and thirsty that night.
The boy is full of promise.
You had better not speak loudly in this room.
The tomato is subject to a number of diseases.
We will do our best.
The engineer thought of a new model.
She'll come even if you tell her not to.
When she heard it, she just cried.
We should love our neighbors.
That child felt secure in his mother's arms.
The son asked a question of his mother.
Can you arrange for a night tour bus?
If it had not been for his help, we would have failed in our enterprise.
His research bore fruit in the end.
Please let me try the game.
There are large houses along the street.
I saw some very beautiful scenes.
Wait till the soup warms.
A man came up and spoke to me.
Life being very short, you ought not to waste your time.
I hope for John to come.
Tom got time and a half when he worked beyond his usual quitting time.
That island is American territory.
I like my steak rare.
You speak fluent English.
Letters are delivered here about noon.
He usually goes to the park with his dog.
She feels at ease in their home.
Don't eat while reading.
Nothing was to be seen but water.
She pondered the question for a while.
Would you join me in a drink?
May I use your phone?
If I were to be reborn, I would like to be a bird.
She pointed out my mistake.
Have you ever been to Africa?
I kept body and soul together at that time.
Why did you get so angry at his mistake?
I have bleary eyes.
We won't be able to learn all of the words by heart.
The bad harvest caused massive food shortages.
We should be kind to the aged.
Today he is better, if anything.
Your help will save us a lot of work.
Recently I have had no appetite.
Japanese women carry their babies on their backs.
He hasn't arrived yet.
Joe and I saw a lion yesterday.
Few, if any, Americans grasped the significance of what had been accomplished.
I'd like two copies of each of these documents.
I love him despite his faults.
The policy is bound to drive the economy into further recession.
I paid twenty thousand yen for this hearing aid.
He is good at soccer.
He gave up smoking two years ago.
Mayuko denied the rumor.
He arrived in a big car.
She charged me with being irresponsible.
The grass needs cutting.
He's the pest that, on last month's class-help day, escaped leaving me with all the work.
He graduated from college last year.
To believe that an unexpected big fortune will come your way is to build a castle in Spain.
We mustn't be late.
It seems that she is not pleased with the job.
As soon as you have done that, I would like you to start preparing supper.
They are always short of money.
"Oh, yes," he answered.
You had better consult a dictionary when you don't know the meaning of a word.
Shall we talk about it over a cup of coffee?
American industry makes various attempts to find and encourage brilliant students from abroad.
One Tuesday I stayed home because I had an appointment with the dentist later in the morning.
I guess that you can't do it.
If we unite our efforts, we will be able to finish this.
You might at least have said, "Thank you", when someone helped you.
You must educate your tongue to distinguish good coffee from bad.
I've been to Italy on a study abroad program.
Here is the fish my mother baked.
I forgot that I met her last month.
He risked his whole fortune to discover new oil fields.
I can't bring myself to tell him that there is no hope of his being given the position.
Ultraviolet rays are harmful to us.
But his name is slightly familiar to me.
He returned to America.
His music made a deep impression on me.
Happy is a man who is contented.
I said "good night" to my parents and went to bed.
This has nothing to do with you.
He gave back all the money he had borrowed.
The marriage must be reported in a document in Japan.
We must leave the hotel before 10 a.m., otherwise we will miss the train for Miami.
In the same way as Hegel, Panovsky's notion of the dialectic makes history follow a predetermined course.
The brunt of criticism was borne by the chairmen.
She was absent simply because she caught cold.
The trial lasted for ten consecutive days.
Which would you rather have, tea or coffee?
An expensive car is a status symbol.
Everyone mistakes me for my brother.
She is a self-educated woman.
He is on the varsity in tennis and in debating.
The negotiation ended in failure.
Do you think it will work?
I would rather starve to death than steal.
They mistook him for his brother.
Should he know the fact, he would be astonished.
He went out of the room.
He enjoyed skiing to his heart's content.
I had a quarrel with him over money.
The man lost all hope.
I was unable to leave home last Saturday, with my mother being ill.
This time I'll try it.
I woke up at the sound of the alarm.
Prices showed a tendency of going up.
I'd like a safety check on my car.
In the first place, you should be punctual.
What did you buy this expensive dictionary for?
Mother divided the cake into eight pieces.
I'll run over there later, in my car.
We have a party tomorrow evening.
He tried opening the door.
The talented young chess player is very bold. He deliberately lays himself open to attack, makes himself vulnerable and then checkmates his opponent when least expected.
Her hair is very short.
We tried it again, but couldn't do it.
He didn't do it on purpose.
Bill died a disappointed man.
His car was seriously damaged when he backed into a telephone pole.
His mother was right.
Wealth may be a factor of happiness.
You must decide whether you will go by train or by plane.
People lived in villages.
I was ten minutes late for school.
He was after the first prize.
My mother gets up early in the morning.
I can't believe it!
I cannot give you a definite answer today.
What shall I do with his luggage?
He told his sons to help each other after his death.
How about going out for lunch?
However hard he worked, he did not become any better off.
The population of Tokyo is larger than that of New York.
The knight swore an oath of allegiance to the king.
By evening the shadow of the tree reached the wall.
Sally has been on a diet since last month.
We were waiting for him over a cup of coffee.
Will he come home at six?
No sooner had Tom turned on the TV than the fuse blew.
In general, little is known about nonlinear second order differential equations.
Not only you but also he is ignorant of the truth.
To read a lot of books is a good thing.
I rode my bicycle to the store.
Now notebook computers are as common as lunch boxes.
The mice ate some of the bread.
Life has been so flat since I came here.
What did she actually say?
They rob, and furthermore cheat each other.
Will you show me the book?
It was less than one kilometer to the village post office.
I would rather our uncle visited us.
May I ride a bicycle?
We are facing a violent crisis.
Nancy is the most beautiful of the four girls.
Students are supposed to turn in reports at the end of the school year.
I made friends with a student from abroad.
He hammered at the window.
You should eat more fruit.
They mentioned two famous tourist spots, neither of which we have visited yet.
I hope my last mail didn't sound too harsh.
You will be able to see him tomorrow.
The new subway enables me to get to school in 20 minutes.
The Soviet Union took a hostile attitude toward us.
We should not be influenced in our decisions by our prejudices.
What is sukiyaki made of?
Open the window, will you?
I bought a dictionary the other day.
He's often late for work.
What time does boarding begin?
I'm sort of tired.
The garden was full of beautiful flowers.
That's no excuse.
She was a girl with golden hair.
Can you swim well?
There's no membership fee for joining.
I hurt my elbow.
Both Canada and Mexico border on the United States.
I am going to study English.
When I retire, I'd like to spend the rest of my life in the country.
His face was alight with joy.
I hear you are still associating with him.
This design resembles his earlier work.
You have only to believe him.
Trang gave an unusually expensive Christmas gift to Sysko.
Everyone believes in their own potential.
This feels soft and smooth.
He amassed a large fortune before he died.
The icy road sparkled in the sunlight.
The sunshine improved his complexion.
Will you phone me later, please?
Is she all right?
Chris does not appreciate how Beth lost the clock he lent her.
No, Yumi put it in a thermos flask and brought it into the club room.
Only I was able to jump across the stream then.
He was afraid to go there.
There is no doubt.
They arrived there before dawn.
Will you exchange this sweater for a larger one?
It looks like the rainy season is going to start after next week.
Would you like to go out with me this weekend, Rumiko?
We admired the beautiful sunset.
His sister is not going to America.
To make mistakes is not always wrong.
All possible means have been tried.
Ken laid down his arms.
I think it's dangerous for you to cross the river.
It isn't worth repairing this car.
This law will deprive us of our basic rights.
Could you share your honest opinion on this issue?
In practice, ability counts for more than effort.
Don't feed the dog.
We will go on a picnic if it is fine tomorrow.
Suddenly, the door opened and her father entered.
They'd better beef up their report or it won't be accepted.
Don't you even think of eating my chocolate!
He is blind to her kindness.
He failed in business, and to make matters worse, his wife fell ill.
